Billing & Subscription documentation (#431)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/subscription/index.md

---
id: overview
description: Buf subscription overview
keywords: [Buf, pricing, billing, Professional, Team, business, subscription, tier, plan]
title: Subscription Overview
---

We have recently announced updates and extensions to our product subscriptions, to enhance productivity, collaboration,
and security for developers and businesses. As a result, Buf subscription tiers have been expanded to include Community,

> Professional, Team, and Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team, Professional, and Enterprise.
```

swap team and pro in order to preserve price order

Each tier is outlined in detail below, and a comparison of the available features in each tier can be found in the Buf
Pricing section.

> While Buf offers a free version of the Buf Schema Registry, we want to provide even greater development improvements to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Buf offers a free version of the Buf Schema Registry, we want to provide an improved development experience to
```

is calculated as the average number of Types per day over the past month. If the average number of Types pushed to your
registry exceeds 100, you will be charged at the next tier.

For example, a customer on the **Professional** plan with an average usage of 123 Protobuf Types per day for the month
would be billed $200 USD per month (after the trial period).

### Does Buf offer overage protection?

To help protect our customers from unexpected overages, Buf offers the option for billing admins to receive an email
alert whenever the average usage for their organization has progressed into the next tier. These email alerts are
enabled by default and will be sent when the next tier is surpassed. Although we will **not** block uploading of more
Types, admins will have the ability to discuss with their organization and adjust if necessary.

If admins wish to receive alert emails but prefer to decrease noise, a higher threshold can be set before messages are
sent. Assume a customer is on the Pro plan and has a desired budget of $500 USD. The alert threshold can be set at 500

> Types and no alerts will be sent until they reach that level of usage. An email alert will be sent at each level beyond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types, and no alerts will be sent until they reach that level of usage. An email alert will be sent at each level beyond
```

For a list of features available in each tier, see [Buf Pricing](https://www.buf.build/pricing/).

## Buf Team

**Buf Team** is designed to enhance collaboration and productivity within organizations. By providing essential features
for team-based management of sensitive APIs on the BSR, Buf Team empowers groups of developers to maximize their
potential for collaboration and sharing.

Buf Professional, which includes all the features of Buf Community, goes a step further by offering unlimited private
repositories and the ability to create custom Hosted Plugins. In addition, it provides 24-hour email support for its
users.

For a list of features available in each tier, see [Buf Pricing](https://www.buf.build/pricing/).

## Buf Professional

**Buf Professional** gives individual developers complete control over their development environment through a private
instance with a dedicated subdomain, providing an integrated and dependable developer experience. This reduces the
amount of time spent on tedious and repetitive tasks, freeing up more time for developers to create value for their

> clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization.
```

> Buf Professional encompasses all the features of Buf Team and more, such as unlimited organizations and advanced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buf Professional encompasses all the features of Buf Team as well as unlimited organizations and advanced
```

> collaboration and management tools. These include team and organization management with custom SSO using SAML and OIDC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collaboration and management tools. These include team and organization management with SSO support for SAML and OIDC
```

for the entire team, comprehensive audit logging, and server admin and bulk resource management, including SCIM.

For a list of features available in each tier, see [Buf Pricing](https://www.buf.build/pricing/).

## Buf Enterprise

> **Buf Enterprise** is designed to meet the long-term governance, deployment, and service commitments of enterprises that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Buf Enterprise** is designed to meet the long-term governance, deployment, and service commitments of organizations that
```
